README.md, before:

# Trust_Network_Project
Contributors:
* Vishesh Prasad (vprasad3)
* Arnav Mehta(arnavm7)
* Anirudh Laxminarasimha Bachiraju (alb11)
* Rohit Uruma (ruruma2)

# Overview
Goal: Analyize a trust network and run BFS, Betweenes Centrality, and Page Rank on a directed, unweighted graph.
- - - -
# Instructions to Run Program
Step 1: To download our program, please copy and paste this line to your terminal:

```
git clone git@github.com:VisheshP-29/Trust_Network_Project.git
``` 
Step 2: Open the repository in your terminal and navigate to the Trust_Network_Project directory.

Step 3: Build the program by running the following command in your terminal:
```
make
```
Step4: The executable file created can then be run with the following command:
```
./trustNet.exe 
```
Step5: The output will be displayed in the terminal. Where we show BFS, PageRank, and Betweenness Centrality and their respective outputs. We also show the results of the test cases not the test cases themselves.
- - - -
# Data Parsing
## Folder: Dataset
Holds the data set .txt file where the data set is located.
## Files: DataParsing.h/cpp
Read in the data from the soc-Epinions1.txt text file located in the Dataset folder. Data stores in the given format: NodeTo"\t"NodeFrom. Store the data set in a 2 dimensional vector of integers so that it can be used to create the adjacency list.

Commit message:

Clean up output and prepare for project completion

README.md, after:

# Trust_Network_Project
Contributors:
* Vishesh Prasad (vprasad3)
* Arnav Mehta(arnavm7)
* Anirudh Laxminarasimha Bachiraju (alb11)
* Rohit Uruma (ruruma2)

# Overview
Goal: Analyize a trust network and run BFS, Betweenes Centrality, and Page Rank on a directed, unweighted graph.
- - - -
# Instructions to Run Program
Step 1: To download our program, please copy and paste this line to your terminal:

```
git clone git@github.com:VisheshP-29/Trust_Network_Project.git
``` 
Step 2: Open the repository in your terminal and navigate to the Trust_Network_Project directory.

Step 3: Build the program by running the following command in your terminal:
```
make
```
Step4: The executable file created can then be run with the following command:
```
./trustNet.exe 
```
Step5: The output will be displayed in the terminal. Where we show BFS, PageRank, and Betweenness Centrality and their respective outputs. We also show the results of the test cases, but not the test cases themselves. We do not write the output to a text file since the output would change with any of the changed parameters and it is easiest to view those changes in the terminal.

Note: There is no input to be specified. However you can change starting node for BFS and the damping factor/number of power iterations for PageRank in main.cpp.
- - - -
# Final Deliverables
## Folder: Final_Deliverables
Holds the final deliverables for the project including the final presentation video, slides, and the final report.
- - - -
# Data Parsing
## Folder: Dataset
Holds the data set .txt file where the data set is located.
## Files: DataParsing.h/cpp
Read in the data from the soc-Epinions1.txt text file located in the Dataset folder. Data stores in the given format: NodeTo"\t"NodeFrom. Store the data set in a 2 dimensional vector of integers so that it can be used to create the adjacency list.
## Helper Files: utils.h/cpp
Stores helper functions for data parsing.
# Adjacency List
## Files: AdjList.h/cpp
Uses the nodes that are read in from the data parsing pipeline to create an adjacency to list and an adjecnecy from list.

# Breadth First Search(BFS)
## Files: BFS.h/cpp
Uses grpah adjacency list to find a breadth first search traversal through the given graph.

# PageRank
## Files: PageRank.h/cpp
Uses graph from adjacency list to calculate the rank of each node and find the node with the highest rank.

# Betweenness Centrality
## Files: BetweennessCentrality.h/cpp
Uses graph from adjacency list to find the most important node using betweenness centrality.
